Update office-365-ti.md (#6038)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/office-365-ti.md

To view and use this report, in the Microsoft 365 Defender portal, go to **Email & collaboration** > **Explorer**.

## Office 365 Threat Intelligence connection

> This feature is only available if you've an active Office 365 E5 or the Threat Intelligence add-on. For more information, see the Office 365 Enterprise E5 product page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is only available if you have an active Office 365 E5 subscription or the Threat Intelligence add-on. For more information, see the Office 365 Enterprise E5 product page.
```
